[RHACS] [4.5 and later versions] ROX-24749: Updating Deleting global resources documentation - Uninstall section (#82260)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/delete-acs-global-resources.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * installing/uninstall-acs.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="delete-acs-global-resources_{context}"]
= Deleting global resources

[role="_abstract"]

> You can delete the global resources that {rh-rhacs-first} creates by using the {ocp} or Kubernetes command-line interface (CLI).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can delete the global resources that {rh-rhacs-first} creates by using the {oc-first} or Kubernetes command-line interface (CLI).
```

Reviewer: For mentions of the OpenShift CLI (`oc`), use the attribute {oc-first}.

Reviewer: I guess this reads fine as is and I don't think its mandatory to necessarily put it like this so I won't block merge over it. In the SSG, I see OpenShift CLI is approved. But I think its preferable to use this attribute, so you get the `oc` in parentheses.

.Procedure

> * To delete the global resources by using the {ocp} CLI, perform the following steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* To delete the global resources by using the {oc-first}, perform the following steps:
```

.. Retrieve all the StackRox-related cluster roles, cluster role bindings, roles, role bindings, and PSPs, and then delete them by running the following command:
+ 
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc get clusterrole,clusterrolebinding,role,rolebinding,psp -o name | grep stackrox | xargs oc delete --wait
----
+
[NOTE]
====

> You might receive the `error: the server doesn't have a resource type "psp"` error message in {product-title-short} 4.4 and later versions because the pod security policies (PSPs) are deprecated and removed from Kubernetes in version 1.25, except for clusters with older Kubernetes versions.

Reviewer 2: Consider breaking this long sentence up for a bit of an easier read :)

====

> .. Delete all the custom security context constraints (SCCs) labeled with `app.kubernetes.io/name=stackrox` by running the following command:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
.. Delete the custom security context constraints (SCCs) that are labeled with `app.kubernetes.io/name=stackrox` by running the following command:
```

+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc delete scc -l "app.kubernetes.io/name=stackrox"
----
+
[NOTE]
====
You might receive the `No resources found` error message in {product-title-short} 4.4 and later versions because the custom SCCs with this label are no longer used in these versions.
====

> .. Delete the `ValidatingWebhookConfiguration` named `stackrox` by running the following command:

Reviewer 2: Could one of these work?

```suggestion
.. Delete the `ValidatingWebhookConfiguration` object named `stackrox` by running the following command:
```

```suggestion
.. Delete the validating webhook configuration named `stackrox` by running the following command:
```

```suggestion
.. Delete the StakRox `ValidatingWebhookConfiguration` object by running the following command:
```

```suggestion
.. Delete the StakRox validating webhook configuration by running the following command:
```

+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc delete ValidatingWebhookConfiguration stackrox
----

* To delete the global resources by using the Kubernetes CLI, perform the following steps:

.. Retrieve all the StackRox-related cluster roles, cluster role bindings, roles, role bindings, and PSPs, and then delete them by running the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ kubectl get clusterrole,clusterrolebinding,role,rolebinding,psp -o name | grep stackrox | xargs kubectl delete --wait
----
+
[NOTE]
====

> You might receive the `error: the server doesn't have a resource type "psp"` error message in {product-title-short} 4.4 and later versions because the pod security policies (PSPs) are deprecated and no longer available, except for clusters with older Kubernetes versions.

Reviewer 2: same comment here as earlier

====

> .. Delete the `ValidatingWebhookConfiguration` named `stackrox` by running the following command:

Reviewer 2: same comment here as earlier
